Add Cherry pick script guide (#593)
kubeedge/website: docs/developer/cherry_pick.md

---
title: Cherry Pick 
sidebar_position: 9 
---

This page explains how to use shell script `hack/cherry_pick_pull.sh` in kubeedge/kubeedge repo to cherry pick the patch to release branch.

> # Cherry Pick Settings

Reviewer: A little suggestion: `## Cherry Pick Settings` is better than `#` . This way, we can display the catogary on the right and generate links for each part like: 

![image](https://github.com/kubeedge/website/assets/48788150/66962015-fc8f-4a01-bfab-d6674c9e892b)

Author: Thanks for reminding, I have changed.

Before the cherry pick script is executed, need to make sure below setting is correctly set:

1. Set environment variable `GITHUB_USER`

This variable is used to designated GitHub username or Orginazation name. This is the necessary for Pull Request.

```shell
# set GITHUB_USER

> export GITHUB_USER = <your-github-user>

Author: Thanks, modified already

```

2. Install `hub` 

As this script reply on `hub` to execute GitHub operations, developer must make sure it is installed.

```shell
# examine whether the hub is installed successfully

> which hub

Author: The installation of the hub command involves handling different platform and various scenarios. Therefore I am concerned that too many hub command installation description might affect the completeness and consistency of the current document.  User could gain hub installation instructions easily from the link below.

```

If `hub` is not installed, please install it by referring [hub installation](https://github.com/github/hub)

3. Other environment variables setting

> - variable `DRY_RUN` is used to skip `git push` and creating PR steps, This is useful for creating patches to a release branch without making a PR.When DRY_RUN is set the script will leave you in a branch containing the commits you cherry-picked.

Author: Thanks, modified

> - variable `REGENERATE_DOCS` is used to regenerate documentation for the target branch after picking the specified commits, This is useful when picking commits containing changes to API documentation. **Note**: Set variable `REGENERATE_DOCS` may affect the cherry pick performance.

Author: Thanks, modified

> - variables `UPSTREAM_REMOTE` (default: upstream) and `FORK_REMOTE` (default: origin) are used to override the default remote names to what you have locally.

Author: Thanks, modified

 
4. Make sure the working repo is clean, there is no uncommitted or untracking files.

```shell
# check whether the current repo is clean
git status
```

# Execution steps

> 1. execute cherry_pick_pull.sh with parameters, at least include `remote branch` and `pr number` (could be multiple pr numbers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Execute cherry_pick_pull.sh with parameters, at least include `remote branch` and `pr number` (could be multiple pr numbers)
```

Author: Thanks, modified

```shell
# Usage of cherry_pick_pull.sh 
./cherry_pick_pull.sh <remote branch> <pr-number> ...
```

for example:

```shell
# examples to run cherry_pick_pull.sh
./cherry_pick_pull.sh upstream/release-3.14 12345
./cherry_pick_pull.sh upstream/release-3.14 12345 56789
```

> If the arguments number less than 2, this script will exit with help information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the number of parameters is less than 2, this script will exit with help information.
```

Author: changed according to the review comment
